[Wrangler] Explain what --dry-run does (#6028)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/workers/wrangler/commands.md

- `--minify` {{<type>}}boolean{{</type>}}
  - Minify the bundled script before publishing.
- `--dry-run` {{<type>}}boolean{{</type>}} {{<prop-meta>}}(default: false){{</prop-meta>}}

>   - Compile a project without actually publishing to live servers. Combined with --outdir, this is also useful for testing the output of publish. Further, it gives developers a chance to upload our generated sourcemap to a service like sentry etc, so that errors from the worker can be mapped against actual source code, but before the service actually goes live.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Compile a project without actually publishing to live servers. Combined with `--outdir`, this is also useful for testing the output of `wrangler publish`. It also gives developers a chance to upload our generated sourcemap to a service like Sentry, so that errors from the Worker can be mapped against source code, but before the service goes live.
```
